Isn't peaceful love priceless?
How could it be on him?
Tianze, this is your birthday present to me.
Yarong as long as you like
No no no it's too expensive
I can't take it.
Yarong, don't be deceived by him
This necklace must be fake.
This legendary designer once said this mountain love
No Monster
So this necklace is impossible to buy.
Must be fake
Yes, Rou Rou
Who are you inviting?
This guy delivers counterfeits at your birthday party
He doesn't deserve to be here.
Get out of here!
My birthday present from Tianze
I like it even if it's fake
If you insult Tianze again
Please leave
Hiding behind a woman in a knife
If you don't worry
I have a way to prove that this galactic love is real
What do you have to prove him?
Hello Master Wu
Some people question that the Galactic Love you gave me is fake.
Please come and clarify.